Shen Yan
This time, thanks to you, little master.
Otherwise, Aurora Group
I'm afraid I'm really going to fall into that group
In the hands of the square dog
Oh, by the way, Shen Yan
There's 500 million on this card.
Please accept it with a small heart.
In the future, I am willing to be a cow and a horse for you
I'll take the money
Just be a cow and a horse
Take good care of our family in the future
Shen Yan rest assured
From now on, your family will be my family
Your wife.
It's my sister-in-law, hahaha.
Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen was blind to Mount Tai before
I hope Mr. Shen doesn't blame him.
Last time
The old man has always been restless
I apologize to you witch
Mr. Chen's wife
There is one more thing I hope you can solve for me.
Tell me about it.
This is the Chunhua antivenom that the old man has developed for 30 years
But it never worked.
I know that Mr. Shen, your medical skills are peerless
I also hope that Mr. Shen can solve the old man's doubts.
Oh, right.
The old man is willing to use this Taiyi cold fire as an exchange
Taiyi Lenghuo, this seven treasures
But the best auxiliary tool for refining Ascension Pills
Having this thing can make refining soaring pills faster
Ok I promise you